# Template Repository for Quarto Website

This repository serves as a template for building a quarto website that is automatically rendered using GitHub Actions.

## .gitignore

Add any files here that you do not want to commit to your repository. The default `.gitignore` file is set up to ignore files that are commonly not committed to repositories.

### \_quarto.yml

This file contains the configuration for your quarto website. You can modify this file to change the title, author, and other settings for your website.

### index.qmd

This is the main page of your website. You can modify this file to change the content of your homepage.

### .github/workflows/quarto-render.yml

This file contains the GitHub Actions workflow that automatically renders your quarto website whenever you push changes to the repository. You can modify this file to change the settings for the workflow.

### \_site

This folder contains the rendered HTML files for your website. You do not need to modify anything in this folder, as it is automatically generated by GitHub Actions.

### Additional Pages

You can add additional pages to your website by creating new `.qmd` files in the root directory of the repository. For example, you could create a `about.qmd` file for an "About" page or a `contact.qmd` file for a "Contact" page.

### Customizing Your Website

You can customize the appearance of your website by modifying the `_quarto.yml` file and adding custom CSS stylesheets. Refer to the [Quarto documentation](https://quarto.org/docs/websites/) for more information on customizing your quarto website.

### Getting Started

To get started with this template, simply click the "Use this template" button at the top of the repository page to create a new repository based on this template. Then, clone your new repository to your local machine and start modifying the files to create your own quarto website.
